[backend] Playbook: option to hide 'listen knowledge' playbooks from manual enrollment (#14579) (#15499)
OpenCTI-Platform/opencti: docs/docs/usage/automation.md

With this event source, the playbook will be triggered on any knowledge event (create, update or delete) that matches the selected filters.
Note that you are limited to a subset of filters available for stream events that contain STIX data objects.

> You can decide with the "Available for manual enrollment" if this playbook will be available in the manual enrollment of entities that match the filters you set here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the "Available for manual enrollment" toggle if you want this playbook to also be available for manual enrollment when you have an entity selected that matches your event source filter criteria. This allows you to hide playbooks that are not appropriate for manual enrollment. 
```
